1.0 Understanding Pattern Validation.

I want us to look at the Pattern Matching logic again. We've done a great job so far. 
We've also started well. So this is what we currently have. 
If I select the correct number of resources on the grid and they match a 
building's patterns (in this case a list of the colors), I am able to select 
a building and place it onto the grid.

For example if I select these resources regardless of where they are positioned 
on the grid: 'yellow' --> 'blue'  --> 'red', I am able to select and place 
the Cottage icon on my grid. I am assuming it is because these colors match 
the exact colors that make up the Cottage grid. 
But this is not what we are trying to do here. It shouldn't be the case.

Think of a building's pattern as a block made up of multiple squares. 
Where the squares are connected to make up a Building pattern.
Which means on the grid, these squares need to be connected to make a block pattern.
That's why some of the patterns are described as L - shape, or T - shape, etc.

For example to select a Cottage Building, the colored squares need to be in
connected positions, and not just randomly over the grid. 
That is for the original orientation, it will look like a 2 X 2 matrix called 'C',
C11 = has nothing, C12 = 'yellow', C21 = 'red' and C22 = 'blue'.

I'm just using matrices to describe the positions, please do not assume that the 
Cottage's pattern is a 2 X 2 grid.

Another example will be for the Farm building. OOnce again, the colored squares
need to be in connected positions and not spread over the grid.
Once again, its original orientation will look like a 2 x 2 matrix we'll call 'F',
F11 = 'yellow', F12 = 'yellow', F21 = 'brown' and F22 = 'brown'.

Do you understand?



a) Work on the fact that after selecting resources to make a pattern and then
selecting a building card, if I select a random 
resource (let's call it B31) on the grid and then select the cell where I 
want to place the building icon, random resource B31 clears too. 
The random resource should not clear, because it did not contribute to the 
correct pattern. The only resources or cells that should clear are cells that 
validated the pattern match.

b) Check the patterns. Color selections should not validate a building icon. 
Position, right colors and orientation / pattern should not just colors. 
Once you are able to find the solution to this, you're good. You've done very well today.




